[IMP] sales: update settings navigation for multi address (#11442)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/different_addresses.rst

Settings
========

> To properly utilize multiple addresses in Odoo, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration
> --> Settings` and scroll down to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` heading. Then, check the box
> next to :guilabel:`Customer Addresses`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly utilize multiple addresses in Odoo, go to :menuselection:`Accounting app --> Configuration
--> Settings`, and scroll down to the :guilabel:`Customer Invoices` heading. Then, tick the checkbox
next to :guilabel:`Customer Addresses`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.
```
